Miss Xu Xi
Xu Xi, you planned this game
I am the leader
Mr. Shen, this is all the information of Xu Xi
Deliveryman
A week later.
Huanyu banquet
I need you to order a cake
I want Xu Xi to deliver it in person
This
This woman designed to approach Miss Yue Yao
You are giving him a chance.
You don't have to go around so many corners.
Let him approach me directly
Isn't it Miss Song from Manman Film and Television?
How did you become Miss Xu?
Is Mr. Shen crazy?
Qinglan, are you mistaken?
He's a delivery guy.
As far as I know
Miss Xu Xi studied music abroad
And design dual selection
I believe in his ability
You can definitely control the new jewelry products this season.
Shen heard what exactly do you want to do?
Thank you Mr. Shen for your trust
I will live up to expectations
Give you a chance.
upright communication
How did Mr. Shen know?
I have a double major abroad
I remember my major was hidden from everyone
Unless you knew me in college
It does look familiar
You got the wrong person.